README.md, before:

Codes for Bloxd.io Worlds Lobbies

Current list of codes in this repository:
- Custom Achievements
- Custom onDeath Messages
- Day/Night Cycle
- Developer Items
- Skins
- Codeable Kill Aura
- Music code
- Mace PvP kit
- Wind Charges code
- Full world code for reference

States of codes as of 11/19/25
- Custom Achievements (still improving but works)
- Custom onDeath Messages (I've just started work on these but they work so far)
- (will use api.sendFlyingMiddleMessage instead of api.broadcastMessage | also use api.setClientOptions to delay respawn button)
- Day/Night Cycle (recent Bloxd.io update broke this specific code (I will add a new one soon))
- Developer Items (Works but there are still more items missing (e.g. Portal blocks))
- Skins (These codes don't work anymore because of recent skin change (new codes soon))
- Codeable Kill Aura (Untested)
- Music code (Untested | no notes created)
- Mace PvP kit (works but needs a lot of improvement (not made by me))
- Wind Charges (works | beginning of code used in code block, bottom used in world code)
- full world code (not updated | mostly works)

Commit message:

Update README with new code states and items
Added Mace code and Totem of Undying details to README.

README.md, after:

Codes for Bloxd.io Worlds Lobbies

Current list of codes in this repository:
- Custom Achievements
- Custom onDeath Messages
- Day/Night Cycle
- Developer Items
- Skins
- Codeable Kill Aura
- Music code
- Mace PvP kit
- Wind Charges code
- Mace code
- Totem of Undying
- Full world code for reference

States of codes as of 11/19/25
- Custom Achievements (still improving but works)
- Custom onDeath Messages (I've just started work on these but they work so far)
- (will use api.sendFlyingMiddleMessage instead of api.broadcastMessage | also use api.setClientOptions to delay respawn button)
- Day/Night Cycle (recent Bloxd.io update broke this specific code (I will add a new one soon))
- Developer Items (Works but there are still more items missing (e.g. Portal blocks))
- Skins (These codes don't work anymore because of recent skin change (new codes soon))
- Codeable Kill Aura (Untested)
- Music code (Untested | no notes created)
- Mace PvP kit (works but needs a lot of improvement (not made by me))
- Wind Charges (works | beginning of code used in code block, bottom used in world code)
- Mace code (only crafting added no world code to make it work yet)
- Totem of Undying (crafting and world code added (almost works but items drop when the totem force respawns)(need to change from gold coin to an unstackable item))
- full world code (not updated | mostly works)
